Updates to Onboarding and try experience (#1620)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/try-viam/_index.md

The easiest way to try Viam is to [rent and remotely configure and control a Viam Rover](https://app.viam.com/try) located on-site at Viam in New York:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>{{<imgproc src="/try-viam/try-viam-1.svg" class="fill alignright" style="max-width: 300px" declaredimensions=true alt="ALT">}}
      <b>1. Click on TRY in Viam</b>
      <p>Log into Viam and go to the <a href="https://app.viam.com/try">TRY tab</a>. Don’t have a Viam account? Follow the <a href="/manage/#create-account-and-log-in">instructions to sign up</a> for an account.</p>
    </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>{{<imgproc src="/try-viam/try-viam-2.svg" class="fill alignleft" style="max-width: 300px" declaredimensions=true alt="ALT">}}
      <b>2. Reserve your slot</b>
      <p>If no one’s using a Viam Rover, you’ll take over immediately.
Otherwise, you’ll see an estimated time for the next slot, and we’ll send you an email when it’s your turn.
See <a href="/try-viam/reserve-a-rover/">detailed instructions</a>.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>{{<imgproc src="/try-viam/try-viam-3.svg" class="fill alignright" style="max-width: 300px" declaredimensions=true alt="ALT">}}
      <b>3. Get started with Viam</b>

>       <p>Try a Viam Rover in our robotics lab. <a href="/try-viam/try-viam-tutorial/">Control</a>, <a href="/try-viam/try-viam-tutorial/#base-control">teleoperate</a>, or <a href="/try-viam/tutorials/">program</a> the rover to see how you can build a robot with Viam. You can also try services like <a href="/tutorials/services/try-viam-color-detection/">computer vision.</a></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>Try a Viam Rover in our robotics lab. <a href="/try-viam/try-viam-tutorial/">Control</a>, <a href="/try-viam/try-viam-tutorial/#base-control">drive</a>, or <a href="/tutorials/get-started/try-viam-sdk/">program</a> the rover to see how you can build a robot with Viam. You can also try services like <a href="/tutorials/services/try-viam-color-detection/">computer vision.</a></p>
```

opt: replacing uncommon `teleoperate` with more common `drive` (word also present in target linked section), and switching `program` to the Try SDK tutorial.

weight: 15
type: "docs"
description: "Try Viam by taking over a Viam Rover in our robotics lab."
webmSrc: "/try-viam/rover.webm"
mp4Src: "/try-viam/rover.mp4"
videoAlt: "Rover reservation management page"
images: [ "/try-viam/rover.gif" ]
no_list: true
aliases:
    - "/getting-started/try-viam/"
---

Viam is a general robotics platform that can run on any hardware.
The easiest way to try Viam is to [rent and remotely configure and control a Viam Rover](https://app.viam.com/try) located on-site at Viam in New York:

{{< cards >}}
{{% manualcard %}}
{{<imgproc src="/try-viam/try-viam-1.svg" class="fill" declaredimensions=true alt="ALT">}}
<br>
<br>

> <h4>Click on <a href="https://app.viam.com/try">TRY</a> in Viam</h4>

Reviewer: Recommend keeping header text unlinked.
